Add contribution guide (#148)
hill-a/stable-baselines: CONTRIBUTING.md

```python
import os
import warnings

import numpy as np

from stable_baselines import PPO2
```

In general, we recommend using pycharm to format everything in an efficient way.

Please documentation each function/method using the following template:

```python

def my_function(arg1, arg2):
    """
    Short description of the function.

    :param arg1: (arg1 type) describe what is arg1
    :param arg2: (arg2 type) describe what is arg2
    :return: (return type) describe what is returned
    """
    ...
    return my_variable
```

## Pull Request (PR)

Before proposing a PR, please open an issue, where the feature will be discussed. This prevent from duplicated PR to be proposed and also ease the code review process.

Each PR need to be reviewed and accepted by at least one of the maintainers (@hill-a , @araffin or @erniejunior ).
A PR must pass the Continuous Integration tests (travis + codacy) to be merged with the master branch.

Note: in rare cases, we can create exception for codacy failure.

## Test

All new features must add tests in the `tests/` folder ensuring that everything works fine.
We use [pytest](https://pytest.org/).

> Also, when a bug fixed is proposed, one should add a test to avoid regression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, when a bug fix is proposed, tests should be added to avoid regression.
```
